Being able to understand your scan results is important,
and that's the focus of this exercise.
So you're tasked with collecting details like what's the target IP address for the scan?
What are the findings and what are their severity levels?
As well as deeper details on ports discovered and key vulnerability publication dates.
You're provided two files,
one is the HTML results file and the other is a CSV file.
Now if we start with the HTML file,
this is what it looks like,
and you can see from this summary what the target host is.
In this case, you can see a summary of the different vulnerabilities.
You can see that we have two medium,
one low, and then 11 information or data points.
So that's all very basic information that you can find
just in looking at this at face value.
You can also click in here and see some additional details,
and also click further into some of these details if you'd like to see more information.
Now if we go over to the Excel file that you were provided,
you get even more information.
We'll zoom in a little bit here just so it's easier to see.
Here's where you can find more specific details
and answers to some of the other questions that you are asked.
So for example, there's a question about which TCP ports were discovered.
If you look at the port column, you can see all of
the different ports that were discovered.
So you'll see there is 80,
there is 53, there is 67.
The other thing to look at is what protocol.
So if we're talking about TCP,
that might not apply to every port.
So for example, 67 is UDP.
So you can see from here the two TCP ports are 80 and 53, for example.
Then the other question was around the publication date.
So again, a lot of data here that you can filter and everything.
But if you look at these last columns down here,
you find the relevant dates here.
So based on this column,
you can see that the question is about vulnerabilities in the year 2000.
So if you look, you can see there's two line items that were discovered in the year 2000,
one of them is informational and one is a medium, you can see here.
So this is the vulnerability that we care about that was discovered in 2000.
So if we scroll back over here,
you know what this issue is,
and you see that as a medium severity again,
you can see the CVE and so on.
So that's how you would find the answers for this exercise.